README.md, before:

# 🧠 LeetCode Daily Practice Log

![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/GopalGouda/leetcode-daily)
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/GopalGouda/leetcode-daily)
![GitHub language count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/GopalGouda/leetcode-daily)
![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/GopalGouda/leetcode-daily)

---

📅 **Goal:** Solve 1 LeetCode problem every day  
📌 **Language:** C++  
🚀 **Started:** 2025-07-01  
🔗 **My LeetCode Profile:** [leetcode.com/u/GopalGouda](https://leetcode.com/u/GopalGouda)  
![Progress](https://img.shields.io/badge/Completed-127%2F100-brightgreen)

---

## 📑 Table of Contents

- [🧠 Daily Log](#-leetcode-daily-practice-log)
- [🗂 Problem Categories](#-problem-categories)

---

## ✅ Daily Log

Tracking my daily problem-solving journey in C++.

| Date       | Problem Name       | Topic       | Language | Solution                               |
|------------|--------------------|-------------|----------|----------------------------------------|
| 2025-11-08 | Delete Columns to Make Sorted | string | C++ | [View](solutions/string/944_delete_columns_to_make_sorted.cpp) |
| 2025-11-07 | Count Prefixes of a Given String | string | C++ | [View](solutions/string/2255_count_prefixes_of_a_given_string.cpp) |
| 2025-11-05 | Minimum Right Shifts to Sort the Array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2855_minimum_right_shifts_to_sort_the_array.cpp) |
| 2025-11-04 | Split Strings by Separator | string | C++ | [View](solutions/string/2788_split_strings_by_separator.cpp) |
| 2025-11-03 | Longest Continuous Increasing Subsequence | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/674_longest_continuous_increasing_subsequence.cpp) |
| 2025-11-02 | Check If Two String Arrays are Equivalent | string | C++ | [View](solutions/string/1662_check_if_two_string_arrays_are_equivalent.cpp) |
| 2025-11-01 | Check if a String Is an Acronym of Words | string | C++ | [View](solutions/string/2828_check_if_a_string_is_an_acronym_of_words.cpp) |
| 2025-10-31 | Minimum Absolute Difference | Sorting | C++ | [View](solutions/sorting/1200_minimum_absolute_difference.cpp) |
| 2025-10-30 | Max Consecutive Ones | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/485_max_consecutive_ones.cpp) |
| 2025-10-29 | Average Value of Even Numbers That Are Divisible by Three | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2455_average_value_of_even_numbers_that_are_divisible_by_three.cpp) |
| 2025-10-28 | Maximum Ascending Subarray Sum | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1800_maximum_ascending_subarray_sum.cpp) |
| 2025-10-27 | Decompress Run-Length Encoded List | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1313_decompress_run-length_encoded_list.cpp) |
| 2025-10-26 | Minimum Sum of Mountain Triplets I | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2908_minimum_sum_of_mountain_triplets_i.cpp) |
| 2025-10-25 | Mean of Array After Removing Some Elements | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1619_mean_of_array_after_removing_some_elements.cpp) |
| 2025-10-24 | Count Hills and Valleys in an Array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2210_count_hills_and_valleys_in_an_array.cpp) |
| 2025-10-23 | Three Consecutive Odds | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1550_three_consecutive_odds.cpp) |
| 2025-10-22 | Find the Peaks | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2951_find_the_peaks.cpp) |
| 2025-10-21 | Smallest Range I | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/908_smallest_range_i.cpp) |
| 2025-10-20 | Find the Sum of Encrypted Integers | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3079_find_the_sum_of_encrypted_integers.cpp) |
| 2025-10-19 | Smallest Index With Equal Value | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2057_smallest_index_with_equal_value.cpp) |
| 2025-10-18 | Maximum Difference Between Increasing Elements | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2016_maximum_difference_between_increasing_elements.cpp) |
| 2025-10-17 | Number of Students Doing Homework at a Given Time | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1450_number_of_students_doing_homework_at_a_given_time.cpp) |
| 2025-10-16 | Neither Minimum nor Maximum | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2733_neither_minimum_nor_maximum.cpp) |
| 2025-10-15 | Count Items Matching a Rule | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1773_count_items_matching_a_rule.cpp) |
| 2025-10-14 | Sum of Good Numbers | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3452_sum_of_good_numbers.cpp) |
| 2025-10-13 | Sign of the Product of an Array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1822_sign_of_the_product_of_an_array.cpp) |
| 2025-10-12 | Replace Elements with Greatest Element on Right Side | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1299_replace_elements_with_greatest_element_on_right_side.cpp) |
| 2025-10-11 | Maximum Number of Words Found in Sentences | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2114_maximum_number_of_words_found_in_sentences.cpp) |
| 2025-10-10 | Minimum Cost to Reach Every Position | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3502_minimum_cost_to_reach_every_position.cpp) |
| 2025-10-09 | Find Words Containing Character | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2942_find_words_containing_character.cpp) |
| 2025-10-08 | Maximum Difference Between Adjacent Elements in a Circular Array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3424_Maximum_Difference_Between_Adjacent_Elements_in_a_Circular_Array.cpp) |
| 2025-10-07 | Find N Unique Integers Sum up to Zero | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1304_find_n_unique_integers_sum_up_to_zero.cpp) |
| 2025-10-06 | Left and Right Sum Differences | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2574_left_and_right_sum_differences.cpp) |
| 2025-10-05 | Maximum Sum With Exactly K Elements  | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2656_maximum_sum_with_exactly_k_elements_.cpp) |
| 2025-10-04 | Count Equal and Divisible Pairs in an Array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2176_count_equal_and_divisible_pairs_in_an_array.cpp) |
| 2025-10-03 | Minimum Operations to Exceed Threshold Value I | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3065_minimum_operations_to_exceed_threshold_value_i.cpp) |
| 2025-10-02 | Find Numbers with Even Number of Digits | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1295_find_numbers_with_even_number_of_digits.cpp) |
| 2025-10-01 | Find if Digit Game Can Be Won | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3232_find_if_digit_game_can_be_won.cpp) |
| 2025-09-30 | Smallest Index With Digit Sum Equal to Index | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3550_smallest_index_with_digit_sum_equal_to_index.cpp) |
| 2025-09-28 | Earliest Time to Finish One Task | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3683_earliest_time_to_finish_one_task.cpp) |
| 2025-09-26 | Find Indices of Stable Mountains | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3285_find_indices_of_stable_mountains.cpp) |
| 2025-09-25 | Kids With the Greatest Number of Candies | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1431_kids_with_the_greatest_number_of_candies.cpp) |
| 2025-09-24 | Count Elements With Maximum Frequency | hash_table | C++ | [View](solutions/hash_table/3005_count_elements_with_maximum_frequency.cpp) |
| 2025-09-23 | Sort Array by Increasing Frequency | hash_table | C++ | [View](solutions/hash_table/1636_sort_array_by_increasing_frequency.cpp) |
| 2025-09-22 | Height Checker | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1051_height_checker.cpp) |
| 2025-09-21 | Maximum Product Difference Between Two Pairs | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1913_maximum_product_difference_between_two_pairs.cpp) |
| 2025-09-20 | How Many Numbers Are Smaller Than the Current Number | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1365_how_many_numbers_are_smaller_than_the_current_number.cpp) |
| 2025-09-19 | Find Greatest Common Divisor of Array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1979_find_greatest_common_divisor_of_array.cpp) |
| 2025-09-18 | Running Sum of 1d Array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1480_running_sum_of_1d_array.cpp) |
| 2025-09-17 | Find the Integer Added to Array I | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3131_find_the_integer_added_to_array_i.cpp) |
| 2025-09-16 | Minimum Operations to Make the Array Increasing | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1827_minimum_operations_to_make_the_array_increasing.cpp) |
| 2025-09-15 | Special Array I | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3151_special_array_i.cpp) |
| 2025-09-14 | Minimum Element After Replacement With Digit Sum | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3300_minimum_element_after_replacement_with_digit_sum.cpp) |
| 2025-09-13 | Difference Between Element Sum and Digit Sum of an Array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2535_difference_between_element_sum_and_digit_sum_of_an_array.cpp) |
| 2025-09-12 | Create Target Array in the Given Order | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1389_create_target_array_in_the_given_order.cpp) |
| 2025-09-11 | The Two Sneaky Numbers of Digitville | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3289_the_two_sneaky_numbers_of_digitville.cpp) |
| 2025-09-10 | Third Maximum Number | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/414_third_maximum_number.cpp) |
| 2025-09-09 | Number of Employees Who Met the Target | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2798_number_of_employees_who_met_the_target.cpp) |
| 2025-09-08 | Number of Good Pairs | hash_table | C++ | [View](solutions/hash_table/1512_number_of_good_pairs.cpp) |
| 2025-09-07 | Minimum Operations to Make Array Sum Divisible by K | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3512_minimum_operations_to_make_array_sum_divisible_by_k.cpp) |
| 2025-09-06 | Shuffle the Array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1470_shuffle_the_array.cpp) |
| 2025-09-05 | Transform Array by Parity | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3467_transform_array_by_parity.cpp) |
| 2025-09-04 | Find Minimum Operations to Make All Elements Divisible by Three | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/3190_find_minimum_operations_to_make_all_elements_divisible_by_three.cpp) |
| 2025-09-03 | Concatenation of Array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1929_concatenation_of_array.cpp) |
| 2025-09-02 | Build Array from Permutation | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1920_Build_Array_from_Permutation.cpp) |
| 2025-09-01 | Intersection of Two Arrays | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/349_intersection_of_two_arrays.cpp) |
| 2025-08-31 | Smallest Number With All Set Bits | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/3370_smallest_number_with_all_set_bits.cpp) |
| 2025-08-30 | Sum of All Subset XOR Totals | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/1863_sum_of_all_subset_xor_totals.cpp) |
| 2025-08-29 | Contains Duplicate | hash_table | C++ | [View](solutions/hash_table/217_contains_duplicate.cpp) |
| 2025-08-28 | Divide Array Into Equal Pairs | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/2206_divide_array_into_equal_pairs.cpp) |
| 2025-08-26 | Complement of Base 10 Integer | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/1009_complement_of_base_10_integer.cpp) |
| 2025-08-25 | Find the XOR of Numbers Which Appear Twice | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/3158_find_the_xor_of_numbers_which_appear_twice.cpp) |
| 2025-08-24 | Binary Prefix Divisible By 5 | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/1018_binary_prefix_divisible_by_5.cpp) |
| 2025-08-23 | Decode XORed Array | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/1720_decode_xored_array.cpp) |
| 2025-08-22 | Minimum Operations to Collect Elements | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/2869_minimum_operations_to_collect_elements.cpp) |
| 2025-08-21 | XOR Operation in an Array | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/1486_xor_operation_in_an_array.cpp) |
| 2025-08-20 | Minimum Bit Flips to Convert Number | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/2220_minimum_bit_flips_to_convert_number.cpp) |
| 2025-08-19 | First Letter to Appear Twice | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/2351_first_letter_to_appear_twice.cpp) |
| 2025-08-18 | Sort Integers by The Number of 1 Bits | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/1356_sort_integers_by_the_number_of_1_bits.cpp) |
| 2025-08-17 | Number of Steps to Reduce a Number to Zero | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/1342_number_of_steps_to_reduce_a_number_to_zero.cpp) |
| 2025-08-16 | Number of Even and Odd Bits | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/2595_number_of_even_and_odd_bits.cpp) |
| 2025-08-15 | Flipping an Image | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/832_flipping_an_image.cpp) |
| 2025-08-14 |  Convert a Number to Hexadecimal | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/405__convert_a_number_to_hexadecimal.cpp) |
| 2025-08-13 | Add Binary | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/067_add_binary.cpp) |
| 2025-08-12 | Binary Gap | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/868_binary_gap.cpp) |
| 2025-08-11 | Number Complement | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/476_number_complement.cpp) |
| 2025-08-10 | Set Mismatch | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/645_set_mismatch.cpp) |
| 2025-08-09 | Binary Number with Alternating Bits | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/693_binary_number_with_alternating_bits.cpp) |
| 2025-08-08 | Find the Difference | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/389_find_the_difference.cpp) |
| 2025-08-07 | Integer Replacement | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/397_integer_replacement.cpp) |
| 2025-08-06 | Sum of Two Integers | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/371_sum_of_two_integers.cpp) |
| 2025-08-05 | Unique Paths | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/062_unique_paths.cpp) |
| 2025-08-04 | Reverse Bits | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/190_reverse_bits.cpp) |
| 2025-08-03 | Hamming Distance | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/461_hamming_distance.cpp) |
| 2025-08-02 | Counting Bits | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/338_counting_bits.cpp) |
| 2025-08-01 | Prime Number of Set Bits in Binary Representation | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/762_prime_number_of_set_bits_in_binary_representation.cpp) |
| 2025-07-31 | Climbing Stairs | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/070_climbing_stairs.cpp) |
| 2025-07-30 | Number of 1 Bits | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/191_number_of_1_bits.cpp) |
| 2025-07-29 | Power of Four | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/342_power_of_four.cpp) |
| 2025-07-28 | Missing Number | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/268_missing_number.cpp) |
| 2025-07-27 | Find the Duplicate Number | Bit Manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/287_find_the_duplicate_number.cpp) |
| 2025-07-26 | Divide Two Integers | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/029_divide_two_integers.cpp) |
| 2025-07-25 | Power of Two | Bit Manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/231_power_of_two.cpp) |
| 2025-07-24 | Minimum Time to Complete Trips | binary_search | C++ | [View](solutions/binary_search/2187_minimum_time_to_complete_trips.cpp) |
| 2025-07-23 | Koko Eating Bananas | binary_search | C++ | [View](solutions/binary_search/875_koko_eating_bananas.cpp) |
| 2025-07-21 | Capacity To Ship Packages Within D Days | binary_search | C++ | [View](solutions/binary_search/1011_capacity_to_ship_packages_within_d_days.cpp) |
| 2025-07-20 | Sum of Square Numbers | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/633_sum_of_square_numbers.cpp) |
| 2025-07-19 | Squares of a Sorted Array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/977_squares_of_a_sorted_array.cpp) |
| 2025-07-18 | Find K Closest Elements | binary_search | C++ | [View](solutions/binary_search/658_find_k_closest_elements.cpp) |
| 2025-07-17 | Search in Rotated Sorted Array | binary_search | C++ | [View](solutions/binary_search/033_search_in_rotated_sorted_array.cpp) |
| 2025-07-16 | Peak Index in a Mountain Array | binary_search | C++ | [View](solutions/binary_search/852_peak_index_in_a_mountain_array.cpp) |
| 2025-07-16 | sqrt(x) | binary_search | C++ | [View](solutions/binary_search/069_sqrt(x).cpp) |
| 2025-07-15 | Fibonacci Number | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/509_fibonacci_number.cpp) |
| 2025-07-14 | Valid Perfect Square | binary_search | C++ | [View](solutions/binary_search/367_valid_perfect_square.cpp) |
| 2025-07-13 | Add Digits | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/258_add_digits.cpp) |
| 2025-07-12 | Search Insert Position | binary_search | C++ | [View](solutions/binary_search/035_search_insert_position.cpp) |
| 2025-07-11 | Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array | Binary search | C++ | [View](solutions/binary_search/034_find_first_and_last_position_of_element_in_sorted_array.cpp) |
| 2025-07-10 | Move Zeroes | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/283_move_zeroes.cpp) |
| 2025-07-09 | Binary Search | Binary Search | C++ | [View](solutions/binary_search/704_binary_search.cpp) |
| 2025-07-07 | plus one | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/066_plus_one.cpp) |
| 2025-07-06 | Palindrome Number | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/009_palindrome_number.cpp) |
| 2025-07-05 | Trapping Rain Water | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/042_trapping_rain_water.cpp) |
| 2025-07-04 | valid mountain array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/941_valid_mountain_array.cpp) |
| 2025-07-03 | sort colors | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/075_sort_colors.cpp) |
| 2025-07-03 | remove element | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/027_remove_element.cpp) |
| 2025-07-02 | Remove Duplicates from sorted array | Arrays      | C++      | [View](solutions/arrays/026_remove_duplicates.cpp) |
| 2025-07-01 | Two Sum            | Arrays      | C++      | [View](solutions/arrays/001_two_sum.cpp) |


## 🗂 Problem Categories

- [Arrays](solutions/arrays/)
- [Maths](solutions/maths/)
- [Binary_Search](solutions/binary_search/)
- [Bit_Manipulation](solutions/bit_manipulation/)
- [Hash_Table](solutions/hash_table/)
   
   

Great job Gopal 🫡

Commit message:

Maximum Value of a String in an Array question solved

README.md, after:

# 🧠 LeetCode Daily Practice Log

![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/GopalGouda/leetcode-daily)
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/GopalGouda/leetcode-daily)
![GitHub language count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/GopalGouda/leetcode-daily)
![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/GopalGouda/leetcode-daily)

---

📅 **Goal:** Solve 1 LeetCode problem every day  
📌 **Language:** C++  
🚀 **Started:** 2025-07-01  
🔗 **My LeetCode Profile:** [leetcode.com/u/GopalGouda](https://leetcode.com/u/GopalGouda)  
![Progress](https://img.shields.io/badge/Completed-128%2F100-brightgreen)

---

## 📑 Table of Contents

- [🧠 Daily Log](#-leetcode-daily-practice-log)
- [🗂 Problem Categories](#-problem-categories)

---

## ✅ Daily Log

Tracking my daily problem-solving journey in C++.

| Date       | Problem Name       | Topic       | Language | Solution                               |
|------------|--------------------|-------------|----------|----------------------------------------|
| 2025-11-09 | Maximum Value of a String in an Array | string | C++ | [View](solutions/string/2496_maximum_value_of_a_string_in_an_array.cpp) |
| 2025-11-08 | Delete Columns to Make Sorted | string | C++ | [View](solutions/string/944_delete_columns_to_make_sorted.cpp) |
| 2025-11-07 | Count Prefixes of a Given String | string | C++ | [View](solutions/string/2255_count_prefixes_of_a_given_string.cpp) |
| 2025-11-05 | Minimum Right Shifts to Sort the Array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2855_minimum_right_shifts_to_sort_the_array.cpp) |
| 2025-11-04 | Split Strings by Separator | string | C++ | [View](solutions/string/2788_split_strings_by_separator.cpp) |
| 2025-11-03 | Longest Continuous Increasing Subsequence | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/674_longest_continuous_increasing_subsequence.cpp) |
| 2025-11-02 | Check If Two String Arrays are Equivalent | string | C++ | [View](solutions/string/1662_check_if_two_string_arrays_are_equivalent.cpp) |
| 2025-11-01 | Check if a String Is an Acronym of Words | string | C++ | [View](solutions/string/2828_check_if_a_string_is_an_acronym_of_words.cpp) |
| 2025-10-31 | Minimum Absolute Difference | Sorting | C++ | [View](solutions/sorting/1200_minimum_absolute_difference.cpp) |
| 2025-10-30 | Max Consecutive Ones | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/485_max_consecutive_ones.cpp) |
| 2025-10-29 | Average Value of Even Numbers That Are Divisible by Three | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2455_average_value_of_even_numbers_that_are_divisible_by_three.cpp) |
| 2025-10-28 | Maximum Ascending Subarray Sum | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1800_maximum_ascending_subarray_sum.cpp) |
| 2025-10-27 | Decompress Run-Length Encoded List | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1313_decompress_run-length_encoded_list.cpp) |
| 2025-10-26 | Minimum Sum of Mountain Triplets I | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2908_minimum_sum_of_mountain_triplets_i.cpp) |
| 2025-10-25 | Mean of Array After Removing Some Elements | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1619_mean_of_array_after_removing_some_elements.cpp) |
| 2025-10-24 | Count Hills and Valleys in an Array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2210_count_hills_and_valleys_in_an_array.cpp) |
| 2025-10-23 | Three Consecutive Odds | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1550_three_consecutive_odds.cpp) |
| 2025-10-22 | Find the Peaks | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2951_find_the_peaks.cpp) |
| 2025-10-21 | Smallest Range I | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/908_smallest_range_i.cpp) |
| 2025-10-20 | Find the Sum of Encrypted Integers | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3079_find_the_sum_of_encrypted_integers.cpp) |
| 2025-10-19 | Smallest Index With Equal Value | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2057_smallest_index_with_equal_value.cpp) |
| 2025-10-18 | Maximum Difference Between Increasing Elements | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2016_maximum_difference_between_increasing_elements.cpp) |
| 2025-10-17 | Number of Students Doing Homework at a Given Time | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1450_number_of_students_doing_homework_at_a_given_time.cpp) |
| 2025-10-16 | Neither Minimum nor Maximum | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2733_neither_minimum_nor_maximum.cpp) |
| 2025-10-15 | Count Items Matching a Rule | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1773_count_items_matching_a_rule.cpp) |
| 2025-10-14 | Sum of Good Numbers | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3452_sum_of_good_numbers.cpp) |
| 2025-10-13 | Sign of the Product of an Array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1822_sign_of_the_product_of_an_array.cpp) |
| 2025-10-12 | Replace Elements with Greatest Element on Right Side | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1299_replace_elements_with_greatest_element_on_right_side.cpp) |
| 2025-10-11 | Maximum Number of Words Found in Sentences | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2114_maximum_number_of_words_found_in_sentences.cpp) |
| 2025-10-10 | Minimum Cost to Reach Every Position | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3502_minimum_cost_to_reach_every_position.cpp) |
| 2025-10-09 | Find Words Containing Character | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2942_find_words_containing_character.cpp) |
| 2025-10-08 | Maximum Difference Between Adjacent Elements in a Circular Array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3424_Maximum_Difference_Between_Adjacent_Elements_in_a_Circular_Array.cpp) |
| 2025-10-07 | Find N Unique Integers Sum up to Zero | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1304_find_n_unique_integers_sum_up_to_zero.cpp) |
| 2025-10-06 | Left and Right Sum Differences | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2574_left_and_right_sum_differences.cpp) |
| 2025-10-05 | Maximum Sum With Exactly K Elements  | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2656_maximum_sum_with_exactly_k_elements_.cpp) |
| 2025-10-04 | Count Equal and Divisible Pairs in an Array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2176_count_equal_and_divisible_pairs_in_an_array.cpp) |
| 2025-10-03 | Minimum Operations to Exceed Threshold Value I | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3065_minimum_operations_to_exceed_threshold_value_i.cpp) |
| 2025-10-02 | Find Numbers with Even Number of Digits | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1295_find_numbers_with_even_number_of_digits.cpp) |
| 2025-10-01 | Find if Digit Game Can Be Won | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3232_find_if_digit_game_can_be_won.cpp) |
| 2025-09-30 | Smallest Index With Digit Sum Equal to Index | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3550_smallest_index_with_digit_sum_equal_to_index.cpp) |
| 2025-09-28 | Earliest Time to Finish One Task | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3683_earliest_time_to_finish_one_task.cpp) |
| 2025-09-26 | Find Indices of Stable Mountains | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3285_find_indices_of_stable_mountains.cpp) |
| 2025-09-25 | Kids With the Greatest Number of Candies | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1431_kids_with_the_greatest_number_of_candies.cpp) |
| 2025-09-24 | Count Elements With Maximum Frequency | hash_table | C++ | [View](solutions/hash_table/3005_count_elements_with_maximum_frequency.cpp) |
| 2025-09-23 | Sort Array by Increasing Frequency | hash_table | C++ | [View](solutions/hash_table/1636_sort_array_by_increasing_frequency.cpp) |
| 2025-09-22 | Height Checker | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1051_height_checker.cpp) |
| 2025-09-21 | Maximum Product Difference Between Two Pairs | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1913_maximum_product_difference_between_two_pairs.cpp) |
| 2025-09-20 | How Many Numbers Are Smaller Than the Current Number | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1365_how_many_numbers_are_smaller_than_the_current_number.cpp) |
| 2025-09-19 | Find Greatest Common Divisor of Array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1979_find_greatest_common_divisor_of_array.cpp) |
| 2025-09-18 | Running Sum of 1d Array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1480_running_sum_of_1d_array.cpp) |
| 2025-09-17 | Find the Integer Added to Array I | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3131_find_the_integer_added_to_array_i.cpp) |
| 2025-09-16 | Minimum Operations to Make the Array Increasing | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1827_minimum_operations_to_make_the_array_increasing.cpp) |
| 2025-09-15 | Special Array I | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3151_special_array_i.cpp) |
| 2025-09-14 | Minimum Element After Replacement With Digit Sum | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3300_minimum_element_after_replacement_with_digit_sum.cpp) |
| 2025-09-13 | Difference Between Element Sum and Digit Sum of an Array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2535_difference_between_element_sum_and_digit_sum_of_an_array.cpp) |
| 2025-09-12 | Create Target Array in the Given Order | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1389_create_target_array_in_the_given_order.cpp) |
| 2025-09-11 | The Two Sneaky Numbers of Digitville | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3289_the_two_sneaky_numbers_of_digitville.cpp) |
| 2025-09-10 | Third Maximum Number | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/414_third_maximum_number.cpp) |
| 2025-09-09 | Number of Employees Who Met the Target | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/2798_number_of_employees_who_met_the_target.cpp) |
| 2025-09-08 | Number of Good Pairs | hash_table | C++ | [View](solutions/hash_table/1512_number_of_good_pairs.cpp) |
| 2025-09-07 | Minimum Operations to Make Array Sum Divisible by K | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3512_minimum_operations_to_make_array_sum_divisible_by_k.cpp) |
| 2025-09-06 | Shuffle the Array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1470_shuffle_the_array.cpp) |
| 2025-09-05 | Transform Array by Parity | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/3467_transform_array_by_parity.cpp) |
| 2025-09-04 | Find Minimum Operations to Make All Elements Divisible by Three | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/3190_find_minimum_operations_to_make_all_elements_divisible_by_three.cpp) |
| 2025-09-03 | Concatenation of Array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1929_concatenation_of_array.cpp) |
| 2025-09-02 | Build Array from Permutation | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/1920_Build_Array_from_Permutation.cpp) |
| 2025-09-01 | Intersection of Two Arrays | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/349_intersection_of_two_arrays.cpp) |
| 2025-08-31 | Smallest Number With All Set Bits | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/3370_smallest_number_with_all_set_bits.cpp) |
| 2025-08-30 | Sum of All Subset XOR Totals | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/1863_sum_of_all_subset_xor_totals.cpp) |
| 2025-08-29 | Contains Duplicate | hash_table | C++ | [View](solutions/hash_table/217_contains_duplicate.cpp) |
| 2025-08-28 | Divide Array Into Equal Pairs | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/2206_divide_array_into_equal_pairs.cpp) |
| 2025-08-26 | Complement of Base 10 Integer | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/1009_complement_of_base_10_integer.cpp) |
| 2025-08-25 | Find the XOR of Numbers Which Appear Twice | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/3158_find_the_xor_of_numbers_which_appear_twice.cpp) |
| 2025-08-24 | Binary Prefix Divisible By 5 | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/1018_binary_prefix_divisible_by_5.cpp) |
| 2025-08-23 | Decode XORed Array | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/1720_decode_xored_array.cpp) |
| 2025-08-22 | Minimum Operations to Collect Elements | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/2869_minimum_operations_to_collect_elements.cpp) |
| 2025-08-21 | XOR Operation in an Array | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/1486_xor_operation_in_an_array.cpp) |
| 2025-08-20 | Minimum Bit Flips to Convert Number | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/2220_minimum_bit_flips_to_convert_number.cpp) |
| 2025-08-19 | First Letter to Appear Twice | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/2351_first_letter_to_appear_twice.cpp) |
| 2025-08-18 | Sort Integers by The Number of 1 Bits | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/1356_sort_integers_by_the_number_of_1_bits.cpp) |
| 2025-08-17 | Number of Steps to Reduce a Number to Zero | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/1342_number_of_steps_to_reduce_a_number_to_zero.cpp) |
| 2025-08-16 | Number of Even and Odd Bits | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/2595_number_of_even_and_odd_bits.cpp) |
| 2025-08-15 | Flipping an Image | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/832_flipping_an_image.cpp) |
| 2025-08-14 |  Convert a Number to Hexadecimal | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/405__convert_a_number_to_hexadecimal.cpp) |
| 2025-08-13 | Add Binary | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/067_add_binary.cpp) |
| 2025-08-12 | Binary Gap | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/868_binary_gap.cpp) |
| 2025-08-11 | Number Complement | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/476_number_complement.cpp) |
| 2025-08-10 | Set Mismatch | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/645_set_mismatch.cpp) |
| 2025-08-09 | Binary Number with Alternating Bits | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/693_binary_number_with_alternating_bits.cpp) |
| 2025-08-08 | Find the Difference | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/389_find_the_difference.cpp) |
| 2025-08-07 | Integer Replacement | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/397_integer_replacement.cpp) |
| 2025-08-06 | Sum of Two Integers | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/371_sum_of_two_integers.cpp) |
| 2025-08-05 | Unique Paths | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/062_unique_paths.cpp) |
| 2025-08-04 | Reverse Bits | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/190_reverse_bits.cpp) |
| 2025-08-03 | Hamming Distance | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/461_hamming_distance.cpp) |
| 2025-08-02 | Counting Bits | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/338_counting_bits.cpp) |
| 2025-08-01 | Prime Number of Set Bits in Binary Representation | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/762_prime_number_of_set_bits_in_binary_representation.cpp) |
| 2025-07-31 | Climbing Stairs | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/070_climbing_stairs.cpp) |
| 2025-07-30 | Number of 1 Bits | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/191_number_of_1_bits.cpp) |
| 2025-07-29 | Power of Four | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/342_power_of_four.cpp) |
| 2025-07-28 | Missing Number | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/268_missing_number.cpp) |
| 2025-07-27 | Find the Duplicate Number | Bit Manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/287_find_the_duplicate_number.cpp) |
| 2025-07-26 | Divide Two Integers | bit_manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/029_divide_two_integers.cpp) |
| 2025-07-25 | Power of Two | Bit Manipulation | C++ | [View](solutions/bit_manipulation/231_power_of_two.cpp) |
| 2025-07-24 | Minimum Time to Complete Trips | binary_search | C++ | [View](solutions/binary_search/2187_minimum_time_to_complete_trips.cpp) |
| 2025-07-23 | Koko Eating Bananas | binary_search | C++ | [View](solutions/binary_search/875_koko_eating_bananas.cpp) |
| 2025-07-21 | Capacity To Ship Packages Within D Days | binary_search | C++ | [View](solutions/binary_search/1011_capacity_to_ship_packages_within_d_days.cpp) |
| 2025-07-20 | Sum of Square Numbers | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/633_sum_of_square_numbers.cpp) |
| 2025-07-19 | Squares of a Sorted Array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/977_squares_of_a_sorted_array.cpp) |
| 2025-07-18 | Find K Closest Elements | binary_search | C++ | [View](solutions/binary_search/658_find_k_closest_elements.cpp) |
| 2025-07-17 | Search in Rotated Sorted Array | binary_search | C++ | [View](solutions/binary_search/033_search_in_rotated_sorted_array.cpp) |
| 2025-07-16 | Peak Index in a Mountain Array | binary_search | C++ | [View](solutions/binary_search/852_peak_index_in_a_mountain_array.cpp) |
| 2025-07-16 | sqrt(x) | binary_search | C++ | [View](solutions/binary_search/069_sqrt(x).cpp) |
| 2025-07-15 | Fibonacci Number | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/509_fibonacci_number.cpp) |
| 2025-07-14 | Valid Perfect Square | binary_search | C++ | [View](solutions/binary_search/367_valid_perfect_square.cpp) |
| 2025-07-13 | Add Digits | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/258_add_digits.cpp) |
| 2025-07-12 | Search Insert Position | binary_search | C++ | [View](solutions/binary_search/035_search_insert_position.cpp) |
| 2025-07-11 | Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array | Binary search | C++ | [View](solutions/binary_search/034_find_first_and_last_position_of_element_in_sorted_array.cpp) |
| 2025-07-10 | Move Zeroes | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/283_move_zeroes.cpp) |
| 2025-07-09 | Binary Search | Binary Search | C++ | [View](solutions/binary_search/704_binary_search.cpp) |
| 2025-07-07 | plus one | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/066_plus_one.cpp) |
| 2025-07-06 | Palindrome Number | maths | C++ | [View](solutions/maths/009_palindrome_number.cpp) |
| 2025-07-05 | Trapping Rain Water | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/042_trapping_rain_water.cpp) |
| 2025-07-04 | valid mountain array | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/941_valid_mountain_array.cpp) |
| 2025-07-03 | sort colors | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/075_sort_colors.cpp) |
| 2025-07-03 | remove element | arrays | C++ | [View](solutions/arrays/027_remove_element.cpp) |
| 2025-07-02 | Remove Duplicates from sorted array | Arrays      | C++      | [View](solutions/arrays/026_remove_duplicates.cpp) |
| 2025-07-01 | Two Sum            | Arrays      | C++      | [View](solutions/arrays/001_two_sum.cpp) |


## 🗂 Problem Categories

- [Arrays](solutions/arrays/)
- [Maths](solutions/maths/)
- [Binary_Search](solutions/binary_search/)
- [Bit_Manipulation](solutions/bit_manipulation/)
- [Hash_Table](solutions/hash_table/)
   
   

Great job Gopal 🫡
